Now we're going to take a look at how we're actually going to process the stripe payment, and in order
for us to do that, we need to understand how this is going to work and we're going to use something
called payment.
Intense payment, intense guides you through a process of collecting payment information through the
customer.
And then we use that payment intent object to process the actual payment.
So we're going to give this object to an endpoint and it's going to push and publish a payment for us.
Now, how is that going to work?
Well, if we go over to our index of the payment, we have our stripe client over here as the third
parameter.
And what we want to do with that stripe client is we want to call a function on it.
We want to call stripe client dot payment intent.
And then we're going to say create one.
And what we're going to do with that is we're going to give it the amount, we're going to say that
you're going to process this in the currency us.
And then we're going to see the payment method pipes are card, so we're going to give it an array and
we're going to say the payment method types are card.
And then we're going to say that the payment method data is of type card.
We're going to say that the card is our token.
And by doing this now, well, we first first of all, we need to grab our token contact token amount
and name off of body.
And then will.
Delete the rest of this.
Do not muddy up everything, so let's do that.
So now we have our token and we filled in our card into our payment intent.
And then at the end of this chain, we're going to say confirm true battle process, the payment for
us and with all of this now.
Well.
Where does our name come into play?
What do we use that for?
Actually, the name is an important right here, we don't need to use it right now, the name is linked
to the token.
The name was linked when we created the token.
That's why we have to pass our name in to the credit card field to create that token.
Right.
That's why we utilize this credit card input and give it the name here.
So all of the information is actually linked inside of this token.
OK.
So if this is our payment intent, we can then see that then.
And we can say payment intent, because that is what is what will be returned to us.
And we'll say response, thought Jason, of the payment.
So that's what we're return to us in a case where it succeeds and then we'll catch an error and in the
case of an error, we'll say console that, log the error.
And then in this case and response, thought status 400.
And send a response to the scent of something went wrong with your payment.
Now we could bubble the error up.
That's that's potentially a best practice to do here.
You could do that.
We're going to override this in the UI anyways.
It's always best to send the error back with the response.
We could leave the console log or we take it away.
But in this case, what we're seeing here is and let's break it down, right.
Because this is a lot of code.
A payment intent is a way for us to tell stripey, we have a token from a credit card and we want to
do a payment.
So we're going to go through payment intense, which is the intent to pay.
We're going to create one.
We're going to create this payment and we're going to give you the amount for which we want to do a
payment.
We're going to give you the currency in which we're going to process this.
We're going to tell you what type of payment method we're using or we support.
In this case, we only support credit cards.
We're going to force this for this end point.
You can only pay with credit and then we're going to see the payment method.
Data is of tight credit card and we're going to give you our token that we generated from the credit
card.
OK, so by doing all of this.
Will I be able to look at a payment all the way through to my UI?
Let's take a look at that if we reload over here.
Right now, if we do an order and we say new order, right, let's just give the person the name New
Order.
It's not like this is a real order and we fill in the information for the credit card and we hit pay.
Now we're beginning the execution of pay and we finished it.
So what's going to happen here?
Well, if we go over here, we go into payments.
New order, he showed up, he paid awesome wow Verisk evaluation, level three, so it was a successful
payment.
The payment started at ten forty two, ended up ten forty two.
It was for twelve ninety nine USD, which is equivalent to sixteen Canadian, which is what my account
is set up in.
So it tells me what I have gained.
It tells me the origin was from the United States because we haven't filled in the origin information.
There are no risk insights.
It tells me where it was made from and it tells me all of the information about this payment.
Amazing, amazing, amazing.
You just done a complete end to end payment and now we can see our payments show up here.
If I said new order to and I paid again, well, what you're going to see is in payments.
If I refresh your.
New order to should show up now isn't why, isn't it?
Let's try this again, new order to it's because.
I need to make sure that all of this information is filled in correctly and there we go, beginning
execution of P finished.
And if we go refresh here.
We should see that show up.
There we go.
New order to so now that we're able to process end to end payments.
Well, are you I really isn't responding to this at all, is it?
It isn't telling us, hey, you succeeded.
Hey, you failed.
Something went wrong.
Something went right.
It really nothing's happening.
And so we need to we need to improve on that, so let's go look at how we can do that.